## 模板 independent writting

N, the foundation of ..., has been valued and even triggers a heated discussion over the essential of ... N and N, in some people's views, be conducive to sb. Contrary to those people's opinion is my perspective that the advantages of ... significantly outweigh its drawbacks, due to (the contributions to ... and ...).



What must be prioritized is that doing sth, rather than doing sth, people ..., including...

To begin with, it is ... that ...

To be more specific, when people are ..., not only can people  ... such as..., but also ... , which ...; on the contrary, people will find it impossible to do sth.

In addition, never can we ignore the significant of A to B

To explain it further, the more... the more..., doing...; in contrast, how could ...?



What should be equally worth discussing is that with + n + adj短语, instead of with + n + adj短语, people will improve their ... by ...

Initially, it is a truth acknowledged, that ...

Specifically, when doing sth, people..., doing sth; in contrast, under no circumstances can they have the access to ...

Moreover, only with+ n ... can people ...

To explore it deeper, at ..., the more ...the more.... ; on the other hand, it is trouble and laborious for people to do sth.



Not only can people boost their health, but also they will enjoy harmonious relationships, when they ... . To conclude, only by dwelling in a community with infrastructure can people reap the maximum benefits.



## model integrate

主题从句(how... whether... what....) is the focus of both the writer and the professor. In the reading, three TS所在类别, including A,B and C, have been elaborated. The professor, however, claims that ...

As opposed to the writer's idea that 阅读TS1, the professor states that 听力TS1. He/She advances the theory by saving that 听力细节...

The professor continues to discredit the writing's assertion that 阅读TS2, by examining the fact that 听力TS2. In detail, he/she points out that ...

It is the professor's third argument that 听力TS3, which contradicts the view of the writer that 阅读TS3. To explore deeper, the professor contents that ...

An apparent divide exists between the writer and the professor on 主题(名词)





... is the focus of both the writer and the professor , IN the reading, three TS , have been elaborated. The professor, however, claims that...



As opposed to writer's idea that TS1, the professor states

## Grammar


### 宾语从句用陈述句语序
+ discussion over what is the most important character about finding living area (X)
	+ What the most important character about find living area is 好

### 定语从句的正确表达
引导词的正确选择

+ a cinema where might far away from central district  (X)
  + a cinema that is located far away from central district. 好
+ it is impossible for people to access this facility who is living close to relatives. (X)
  + it is impossible for people who is living close to relatives to access this facility. 好

### 状语从句语法

+ when 逻辑主语 **people are** watching TV or scanning screen on computer with some sport programs, it is evitable to order some

+ To explore it deeper, when a person living in the shopping district, it is evitable...  (X)
+ To explore it deeper, when a person is living in the shopping district, it is evitable...  好

### 动名词做主语，谓语动词用第三人称
+ What must be prioritized is that living around shops living around shops, rather than living in a cheap house,  have (X)
    + What must be prioritized is that living around shops living around shops, rather than living in a cheap house, has 好
+ What should be equally worth discussing is that living with shops and restaurants, instead of living in an area which is cheap, have (X)

  + What should be equally worth discussing is that living with shops and restaurants, instead of living in an area which is cheap, has 好

+ What must be prioritized is that spending such time on sport programs, instead of viewing it as taking a break,~~have~~注意动名词做主语，谓语动词用第三人称单数形式 has（好）
+ spending lots time on sports programs renders（好）注意动名词做主语，谓语动词用第三人称单数形式

### 名词用法
#### 可数名词不单独存在
  + Sport program, the part of everyone's normal life... (X)
  + Sport program**s**, the part of everyone's normal life...好
#### 复数形式
+ lots of place (X)
+ lots of places 好
+ shops and restaurant(X)
+ shops and restaurants 好
+ spending plenty time in sport program+s（好）,复数


### 动宾搭配
+ take the time to do something
  + take plenty of time to **watching** (X)
  + take plenty of time to **watch~~ing~~** 好
+ spend 
  + spend (some) time **doing** something  
  + spend (some) time **in doing** something 
  + spend time **on something**

+ **lead people to do**
  + leading people training (X)
  + leading people to do more training 好
+ it is evitable to for (X)
  + it is evitable for sb to do sth 好

### 搭配的合适性

+ in contrast 好

+ on the contrary 好

+ duo to the negative effect on (负面) people's normal work and health.

+ duo to the contribution to (正面) people's normal work and health.

+ benefit 

  +  is not ~~benefit~~ beneficial（好）用形容词形式 to
  + is beneficial to  好
  + has a benefit on health (X)
  + could be a benefit to both lenders and borrowers.  好
  + is conductive to people’s health 好

+ importance of A to B
  + Initially never can we ignore the importance of location to make a new friend. (X)
  + Initially never can we ignore the importance of finding a proper location to making some new friends 好
  + taste some new restaurant,(X)

    + taste some new foods in restaurant in the vicinity
  +  before invite anyone to stop by.(X)

    + before inviting anyone to stop by 好
  + 逻辑主语的搭配

    + Health, the objection everyone strives for, can be prompted by 和逻辑主语的搭配living near the shopping.(X)

      + Health, the objection everyone strives for, can be prompted when people are living near the shopping district. 好
    + Relationship, the foundation of one’s life, can be maintained via和逻辑主语的搭配 living around business facility.

      + Relationship, the foundation of one’s life, can be maintained, if people are able to access the shopping district easily.

      

### only

+ Only by living in where people can be immersive to modern business world, instead of living in where people can cut down their budget or close to their parents注意句子的正确表达, where 不能引导宾语从句做in的宾语
  + Only by living in the place where people can be immersive to modern business world, instead of where people can cut down their budget or close to their parents,
+ Only by limiting the time on sport program rationally 没有逗号 can people have a better life style.

### 强调



## words

+ health n
+ daliy, normal 
+ knowledge~~s~~不可数

 











































